It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.-John Brunner
Hardware: the parts of a computer that can be kicked.-Jeff Pesis
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. - Malcolm X
"Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris." - Larry Wall
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them! - Friedrich Nietzsche
Computer programming has always been a self-taught, maverick occupation. - Ellen Ullman
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.-John Lasseter
Forget artificial intelligence - in the brave new world of big data, it's artificial idiocy we should be looking out for. - Tom Chatfield
I believe this artificial intelligence is going to be our partner. If we misuse it, it will be a risk. If we use it right, it can be our partner. - Masayoshi Son
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them! - Friedrich Nietzsche
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference. - Elie Wiesel
"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into committees.  That'll do them in."  - Author Unknown
Nobody phrases it this way, but I think that artificial intelligence is almost a humanities discipline. It's really an attempt to understand human intelligence and human cognition. - Sebastian Thrun
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. - Marilyn Monroe
"The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people. " - Karl Marx
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. - J.K. Rowling
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
Healthcare is becoming part of information technology. - Bill Maris
"FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed &#8212; it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer." - Alan J. Perlis.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect). - Mark Twain
