Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly. - Neil GaimanEducation is the foundation upon which we build our future. - Christine Gregoire"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament]: 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question." - Charles BabbageI've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya AngelouNinety percent of games lose money; 10 percent make a lot of money. And there's a consistency around the competitive advantages you create, so if you can actually learn how to do the art, the design, and the programming, you would be consistently very profitable. - Gabe NewellThe best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter DruckerInfuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley WhitfordI believe this artificial intelligence is going to be our partner. If we misuse it, it will be a risk. If we use it right, it can be our partner. - Masayoshi SonComputers are useless. They can only give you answers.-Pablo PicassoMay you live every day of your life. - Jonathan SwiftWszystkich nie nauczymy programowac, ale probowac warto.Education is the foundation upon which we build our future. - Christine GregoireI believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now? - John LennonI have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design. - Trent ReznorFacts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. - Aldous Huxley"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do."- Rob SiltanenTechnology just means information technology. - Peter ThielA lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Mark Twain"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom."  - Isaac AsimovI have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design. - Trent ReznorTechnology is teaching us to be human again.-Simon MainwaringWe have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. - May SartonI'll make him an offer he can't refuse. - Mario Puzo, The Godfather"I just invent. Then I wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented." - Richard Buckminster FullerThree Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. - J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the RingsObject-oriented programming offers a sustainable way to write spaghetti code. It lets you accrete programs as a series of patches. - Paul GrahamTo live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde"All hope abandon, ye who enter here." - Dante Alighieri, The Divine ComedyInformation technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other. - Bill GatesI believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. - Marilyn MonroeThe iPhone is made on a global scale, and it blends computers, the Internet, communications, and artificial intelligence in one blockbuster, game-changing innovation. It reflects so many of the things that our contemporary world is good at - indeed, great at. - Tyler CowenSome people call this artificial intelligence, but the reality is this technology will enhance us. So instead of artificial intelligence, I think we'll augment our intelligence. - Ginni RomettyThe fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. - William ShakespeareWhat you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make. - Jane GoodallOne of the interesting applications of symbolic systems is artificial intelligence, and I spent some time thinking about how to create a brain that operates the way ours does. - Marissa MayerLove is the absence of judgment. - Dalai Lama XIVTechnology' is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.-Carrie SnowExploration is in our nature. We began as wanderers, and we are wanderers still. We have lingered long enough on the shores of the cosmic ocean. We are ready at last to set sail for the stars. - Carl Sagan, CosmosThe best programs are written so that computing machines can perform them quickly and so that human beings can understand them clearly. A programmer is ideally an essayist who works with traditional aesthetic and literary forms as well as mathematical concepts, to communicate the way that an algorithm works and to convince a reader that the results will be correct. - Donald Ervin KnuthUnderstanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. - J.K. RowlingFirst we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII - and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.-Douglas Adams"Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code." - Christopher ThompsonThe key to artificial intelligence has always been the representation. - Jeff Hawkins"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." - Pablo PicassoProgramming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians. - Edsger Dijkstra"Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body."- Brian TracyA friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. - Elbert HubbardIt is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J.K. Rowling"Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN'T be like." - pixadelObject-oriented programming offers a sustainable way to write spaghetti code. It lets you accrete programs as a series of patches. - Paul GrahamAs information technology restructures the work situation, it abstracts thought from action. - Shoshana ZuboffI imagine a day, some time in the not too distant future when children and teenagers will be able to create their own genetically engineered machines, cure the diseases of the old and find new ways to build and extend the capabilities of humanity, moving from programming software to programing the physical world, through biology. - Ryan BethencourtOne, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away. - Stephen HawkingThe most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.-Northrop Frye.